RHIDP-5374: Consistent mentions to the product custom resource (#859)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observe/proc-enabling-telemetry-using-operator.adoc

        disabled: false
----

> . Set the value of the `dynamicPluginsConfigMapName` parameter to the name of the ConfigMap file in your `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the value of the `dynamicPluginsConfigMapName` parameter to the name of the config map in your `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource:
```
